---
title:  "Spiders"
date:   2018-04-17
categories: stories
layout: post
---

I thought it would be best to park out of the way of anyone coming or going to the playground. The last thing I’d want to deal with if I was trying to get a screaming toddler home for dinner is a computer programmer trying to move something heavy.

Once I found a spot not too far from the dumpster, I began planning the operation.

> One man’s trash is another man’s… well, trash… but that first guy didn’t even know about all the spiders.

I’d been instructed by my wife to retrieve the dilapidated children’s play kitchen from next to the school’s dumpster. She said that I should also get the rusty bookshelf. It’s a double win.

But how? I mean, it’s just me here and these things are heavy. I tried to pick up the play kitchen and knew right away that this was going to be a hot mess.

A flash runs through my mind, “There’s no way I’m going to pull this off. I’m going to have to go home empty handed”. But no way, man. I can’t do that to my wife. I’ve got to figure this out.

Just then, inspiration strikes! I can flip this thing end-over-end all the way up until it’s resting on the bumper of the SUV. Seven or eight full rotations later, success.

I knew it looked bad. Every rotation came along with me hopping around off balance trying to guide it softly to the ground. Despite my efforts, every single time it smacked the pavement with a loud creaky wood-splintering-y sort of sound. I think I flailed a few times, but maybe flailing is my mating dance.

Once it was on the bumper of my white Ford Flex, I knew victory was at hand. That’s when the spiders noticed me. Or at least that’s when I noticed them. We have brown recluse spiders in Tennessee, but they’re no big deal. Really, it’s fine. Don’t worry.

I eventually wiggled the water damaged wooden faux-kitchen into the back of the car. I felt accomplished. I was even bleeding a little. I could show my wife the blood and she would know that I’m a real go-getter…

I repeated the whole process a second time with the aforementioned rusty bookshelf. It went similarly, but this one possibly exposed me to an onslaught of the Tetanus bacteria as it sliced through my delicate flesh.

Once it was all loaded up and the hatch closed, I started the drive home. I looked confidently out the window and contemplated getting a “Dad Lyfe” tattoo across my torso. I hope Corissa made pasta for dinner.
